running test general_no_login.txt

checking output of test general_no_login.txt
running test general_double_login.txt

checking output of test general_double_login.txt
running test a_lo_cor.txt

checking output of test a_lo_cor.txt
running test general_login_while_logged_in.txt

checking output of test general_login_while_logged_in.txt
running test general_login_while_logged_in.txt

checking output of test general_login_while_logged_in.txt
running test r_cr.txt

checking output of test r_cr.txt
running test a_cr_num_xct.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_xct.txt
running test a_cr_num_sml.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_sml.txt
running test a_cr_num_big.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_big.txt
running test a_cr_num_str.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_str.txt
running test a_cr_num_neg.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_neg.txt
running test a_cr_num_dec.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_dec.txt
running test a_cr_num_zer.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_zer.txt
running test a_cr_num_xst.txt

checking output of test a_cr_num_xst.txt
running test a_cr_nam_sml.txt

checking output of test a_cr_nam_sml.txt
running test a_cr_nam_big.txt

checking output of test a_cr_nam_big.txt
running test a_cr_nam_int.txt

checking output of test a_cr_nam_int.txt
running test a_cr_dep.txt

checking output of test a_cr_dep.txt
1d0
< 04 123456 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test a_cr_wtd.txt

checking output of test a_cr_wtd.txt
1d0
< 04 123456 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test a_cr_tra.txt

checking output of test a_cr_tra.txt
1d0
< 04 123456 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test r_dt.txt

checking output of test r_dt.txt
running test a_dl_xct.txt

checking output of test a_dl_xct.txt
running test a_dl_num_sml.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_sml.txt
1d0
< 05 000001 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test a_dl_num_big.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_big.txt
running test a_dl_num_str.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_str.txt
running test a_dl_num_neg.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_neg.txt
running test a_dl_num_dec.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_dec.txt
running test a_dl_num_zer.txt

checking output of test a_dl_num_zer.txt
running test a_dl_nam_sml.txt

checking output of test a_dl_nam_sml.txt
running test a_dl_nam_big.txt

checking output of test a_dl_nam_big.txt
running test a_dl_nam_int.txt

checking output of test a_dl_nam_int.txt
running test a_dl_dep.txt

checking output of test a_dl_dep.txt
1d0
< 05 123456 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test a_dl_wtd.txt

checking output of test a_dl_wtd.txt
1d0
< 05 123456 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test a_dl_tra.txt

checking output of test a_dl_tra.txt
1d0
< 05 000001 000000 00000000 fifteen_digits_
running test r_dp_cor.txt

checking output of test r_dp_cor.txt
running test r_dp_oos.txt

checking output of test r_dp_oos.txt
running test r_dp_zer.txt

checking output of test r_dp_zer.txt
running test r_dp_neg.txt

checking output of test r_dp_neg.txt
running test r_dp_inv.txt

checking output of test r_dp_inv.txt
running test r_dp_out.txt

checking output of test r_dp_out.txt
running test r_dp_dec.txt

checking output of test r_dp_dec.txt
running test r_dp_str.txt

checking output of test r_dp_str.txt
running test a_dp_dne.txt

checking output of test a_dp_dne.txt
running test a_dp_xct.txt

checking output of test a_dp_xct.txt
running test a_dp_num_sml.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_sml.txt
running test a_dp_num_big.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_big.txt
running test a_dp_num_str.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_str.txt
running test a_dp_num_neg.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_neg.txt
running test a_dp_num_dec.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_dec.txt
running test a_dp_num_zer.txt

checking output of test a_dp_num_zer.txt
running test a_dp_amt_str.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_str.txt
running test a_dp_amt_dec.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_dec.txt
running test a_dp_amt_neg.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_neg.txt
running test a_dp_amt_zer.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_zer.txt
running test a_dp_amt_big.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_big.txt
running test a_dp_amt_sml.txt

checking output of test a_dp_amt_sml.txt
running test r_wd_cor.txt

checking output of test r_wd_cor.txt
running test r_wd_oos.txt

checking output of test r_wd_oos.txt
running test r_wd_zer.txt

checking output of test r_wd_zer.txt
running test r_wd_neg.txt

checking output of test r_wd_neg.txt
running test r_wd_inv.txt

checking output of test r_wd_inv.txt
running test r_wd_out.txt

checking output of test r_wd_out.txt
running test r_wd_dec.txt

checking output of test r_wd_dec.txt
running test r_wd_str.txt

checking output of test r_wd_str.txt
running test r_wd_lng.txt

checking output of test r_wd_lng.txt
running test r_wd_ovr.txt

checking output of test r_wd_ovr.txt
running test a_wd_dne.txt

checking output of test a_wd_dne.txt
running test a_wd_xct.txt

checking output of test a_wd_xct.txt
running test a_wd_num_sml.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_sml.txt
running test a_wd_num_big.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_big.txt
running test a_wd_num_str.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_str.txt
running test a_wd_num_neg.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_neg.txt
running test a_wd_num_dec.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_dec.txt
running test a_wd_num_zer.txt

checking output of test a_wd_num_zer.txt
running test a_wd_amt_str.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_str.txt
running test a_wd_amt_dec.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_dec.txt
running test a_wd_amt_neg.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_neg.txt
running test a_wd_amt_zer.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_zer.txt
running test a_wd_amt_big.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_big.txt
running test a_wd_amt_sml.txt

checking output of test a_wd_amt_sml.txt
running test r_tr_cor.txt

checking output of test r_tr_cor.txt
running test r_tr_oos.txt

checking output of test r_tr_oos.txt
running test r_tr_zer.txt

checking output of test r_tr_zer.txt
running test r_tr_neg.txt

checking output of test r_tr_neg.txt
running test r_tr_ivf.txt

checking output of test r_tr_ivf.txt
running test r_tr_ivt.txt

checking output of test r_tr_ivt.txt
running test r_tr_out.txt

checking output of test r_tr_out.txt
running test r_tr_dec.txt

checking output of test r_tr_dec.txt
running test r_tr_str.txt

checking output of test r_tr_str.txt
running test r_tr_lng.txt

checking output of test r_tr_lng.txt
running test a_tr_num_dne.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_dne.txt
running test a_tr_num_big.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_big.txt
running test a_tr_num_str.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_str.txt
running test a_tr_num_neg.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_neg.txt
running test a_tr_num_dec.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_dec.txt
running test a_tr_num_zer.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_zer.txt
running test a_tr_num2_dne.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_dne.txt
running test a_tr_num2_big.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_big.txt
running test a_tr_num2_str.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_str.txt
running test a_tr_num2_neg.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_neg.txt
running test a_tr_num2_dec.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_dec.txt
running test a_tr_num2_zer.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num2_zer.txt
running test a_tr_sam.txt

checking output of test a_tr_sam.txt
running test a_tr_xct.txt

checking output of test a_tr_xct.txt
running test a_tr_num_sml.txt

checking output of test a_tr_num_sml.txt
running test a_tr_amt_str.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_str.txt
running test a_tr_amt_dec.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_dec.txt
running test a_tr_amt_neg.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_neg.txt
running test a_tr_amt_zer.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_zer.txt
running test a_tr_amt_big.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_big.txt
running test a_tr_amt_sml.txt

checking output of test a_tr_amt_sml.txt
